## Introduction
Current theories of brain functioning ascribe different roles to different scales: neurons, cortical layers, brain areas, networks between brain areas. For example, the Communication-through-Coherence Hypothesis postulates that communication in the brain happens primarily through phase coordination between groups of neurons (fries refs). This phase coordination between groups of neurons may differ between different layers, frequencies, within-brain areas, and between brain areas (refs). Through the use of multiple electrode arrays and laminar probes, we are beginning to collect data at these different scales and understand how they interact (ref - earl, all my electrodes). However, as electrode technology progresses, our understanding of the data is not limited by the amount of data we can collect, but by our ability to efficiently understand and model relationships in the data.

Take, for example, a typical analysis of an electrocorticography dataset in which grids of intracranial electrodes are placed across wide swaths of cortex. These grids span multiple brain areas and can measure both local field potentials and action potentials (Figure 1a). Given enough data, this allows us to ask questions about the properties at different spatial scales (units, multiunits, local field potentials, brain region summaries) and how they relate (e.g. correlation and coherence between local field potentials, local field potentials and neurons, neurons and neurons, see Figure 1b). Moreover, we can ask questions about how these change over time and/or relate to experimental conditions. This results in a dataset with many complex interrelations.

Understanding a dataset such as this becomes even more challenging as we can record from more electrodes, because the number of possible associations between electrodes scales quadratically. For example, 10 electrodes means analyzing 100 relationships between electrodes. Implantation of multielectrode arrays with upwards of 100 electrodes are becoming common [@miller_all_2008; @einevoll_reliable_2012; @siegel_cortical_2015] and the number of simultaneously recorded neurons is projected to double every seven years [@stevenson_how_2011].

Visualization of data is one way that we can reduce data complexity --- allowing us to make multiple simultaneous comparisons, easing the cognitive burden on working memory by efficiently encoding properties of the data into features salient to the visual system (ref). In addition, visualization is important in the understanding and checking of statistical assumptions --- it helps reveal differences between the expected structure of the data and the observed data [Tukey 1972, 1979, Anscombe 1973]. This is important, from the initial stages of analysis to publication, for revising our assumptions and models and for understanding and communicating where and how often our models fail [Gelman 2004].

However, current practice with electrophysiology data relies on static visualization --- requiring the generation of figures for each particular view. This makes it difficult to explore and check the data efficiently. For example, @liu_effects_2014 found that even a 500 millisecond delay between visualizations could reduce the amount of the dataset explored and affect the number of hypotheses and observations formed.

Adding interactivity allows the user to change perspectives and modify analyses on demand, facilitating comprehension and hypothesis generation. Neuroimaging studies, which generate large datasets with complex interrelations, make extensive use of interactive visualization tools (e.g. the freeview module in freesurfer, pysurfer, spm), but there are no such tools that exist for electrophysiology studies. One can design user interfaces using MATLAB, but these are hard to share and require commercial software.

We present a set of three tools aimed at providing basic interactive visualizations for electrophysiology studies: **SpectraVis** is a tool aimed at exploring task-related functional networks over time and frequency; **RasterVis** is a tool for dynamically displaying and sorting spike raster plots and peri-event histograms; and **GLMVis** is a a tool for displaying coefficients from generalized linear regressions --- which are commonly used in modeling the relationship of neurons to task factors. Each visualization allows for examination of the electrophysiological signals (or summary statistic of the signal) over time relative to task-relevant events, comparison of different subjects or recording sessions, and aggregation or filtering of signals. The visualizations can also be easily linked together and static visualization can be exported for use in papers. Finally, all visualizations are web-based making them easily shareable and operating system independent, and open-source, allowing for modification and repurposing by the neuroscience community. To see working examples of all three tools, please visit [http://ericdeno.com/research/](http://ericdeno.com/research/).
