## Related Work
<!-- I would take out this section entirely, and put an extremely condensed version of it in the discussion. There, only put a brief description of the tool. Possibly also how the tool achieves similar goals to those listed in the Methods -->There have been previous attempts to make web-enabled dynamic, interactive visualizations in neuroscience. Here we describe several notable visualizations.

The [pycortex webGL MRI viewer](http://gallantlab.org/semanticmovies/) [@gao_pycortex_2015] is a web-enabled interactive visualization tool that displays the results from @huth_continuous_2012. In the study, Huth and colleagues had subjects view two hours of movie trailers. They then categorized objects and actions in the movies, regressed the categories on the BOLD fMRI signals collected on the subjects watching the movies, and performed a principal components dimensionality reduction to recover a "semantic space". The visualization displays a single subject's color-coded 3D cortical surface representation of this semantic space where similar colors indicate similar categorical representations. The visualization also displays a map of the semantic space itself. Code for the pycortex viewer is available on [Github](https://github.com/gallantlab/pycortex).

The [Allen Cell Types Database](http://celltypes.brain-map.org/) is a visual interface for a database of neuronal cell types in mouse lateral geniculate nucleus and primary visual cortex. The visualization has several interlinked views including an anatomical cell location view, a parallel coordinate plot of cell features, and a list of cells with more detailed information about the experiment and a brief visual summary of its morphology and electrophysiological response pattern to a step current.

The [Allen Mouse Brain Connectivity Atlas](http://connectivity.brain-map.org/) is a similar interface that allows the user to explore the results of 2173 tracer injection experiments on mouse brains. The visualization consists of a 3D cortical surface with labeled injection sites, a brain section image and whole brain projection image corresponding to a specific experiment, and a list of all the projection sites. A user can filter by target or source of the injection or click on an injection site to get the corresponding section and projection image.

Lastly, Freeman and colleagues have incorporated interactive visualizations into their library of distributed computing tools for large scale neuroscience [@freeman_mapping_2014]. Their tools --- [Lightning](http://lightning-viz.org/) and [Thunder](http://thunder-project.org/) --- allow for basic chart types such as line graphs, network force diagrams, and heatmaps and custom visualizations to be constructed and updated in real time from data pushed from a server. They demonstrated on whole brain zebrafish recordings how these can be made into interactive visualizations. For example, using [tuning curves](http://research.janelia.org/zebrafish/tuning.html) estimated from moving stimuli in different directions, they visualized the spatial layout of the preferred direction of all neurons in the zebrafish. Mousing over the spatial layout shows the firing rate time course of a neuron in that region. Code for Lightning and Thunder are also available on [Github](https://github.com/freeman-lab).
